#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass achemso
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Shape of adhesive fluid controls insect adhesion in air and underwater
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
butt@mpip-mainz.mpg.de
\end_layout

\begin_layout Phone
+49 6131 379 111
\end_layout

\begin_layout Phone
+49 6131 379 310
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Insects like beetles and flies can stick to various surfaces using hairy
 pads mediated by adhesive fluid.
 The pads can even attach underwater, presumably due to an air bubble trapped
 around the pad.
 There is however a lack of understanding on the exact role of the bubble
 for underwater adhesion.
 Here, we develop a simple theoretical model to estimate the net adhesion
 force of a hairy pad due to capillary forces.
 We perform
\emph on
 in-vivo
\emph default
 adhesion measurements of a constrained ladybug pad as well as image its
 contact against smooth hydrophilic and hydrophobic substrates in air and
 underwater conditions.
 Our experiments reveal that on hydrophobic substrates, even without a bubble,
 the pad can show adhesion underwater comparable to that in air.
 Only on hydrophilic substrates, a trapped bubble is essential to generate
 adhesion in water.
 Based on the model, this observation is explained qualitatively.
 The shape of the adhesive fluid has a negative curvature when on contact
 with a hydrophobic substrate underwater, resulting in capillary forces
 due to the negative Laplace pressure.
 Our results demonstrate that capillary forces governed by the shape of
 the adhesive fluid well explains insect adhesion under different conditions.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
hello
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Theoretical model
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
theory
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "RN93"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Experimental section
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
do stuff
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Discussion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
talk talk
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "RN87"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
that's all folks!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
btprint "btPrintCited"
bibfiles "E:/Work/Documents/PhD Literature"
options "plainurl"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
